---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-25T07:23:52.173Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-25T07:23:37.040Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-25-881d0171-3716-4ec4-863d-5223f8cc2cea.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
Coalesce elements of groove and pop-rock, folk and funk, and a dash of soul, and you'll begin to understand the musical experience of singer-songwriter Ron Greene.

Channeling the bluesy, soulful rock of artists such as Lenny Kravitz, Gary Clark, Jr., Bruno Mars and John Mayer, Greene delivers a diverse, electrifying sound that resonates at the core of audiences.

A true songsmith, Greene's lyrics speak to the heart of the human experience, while his sound speaks to the feet, rousing an irrepressible desire to move. It's music for the mind and the body. One minute you're dancing, and the next you're contemplating life, love and the world around us.

As a solo artist, Ron's passion for the music is evidenced by his intimate and engaging presence on stage. When backed by his band, GRE3NE, the energy is intensified tenfold. The band performs original hits, as well as crowd-pleasing covers that are played with their own funky twist.

Greene has been entertaining enthusiastic audiences at venues across the country for the past 8+ years, from New York to Seattle and his home in the Inland Northwest.

With a highly anticipated new album in the works, Ron Greene is soon debuting an entire collection of fresh tracks dedicated chiefly to groove.